Add build-your-own UI documentation (#6424)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/guides/auth/email_password.rst

       },
       body: JSON.stringify({
         verification_token,
         verifier,
         provider: "builtin::local_emailpassword",
       }),
     });

     if (!verifyResponse.ok) {
       const text = await verifyResponse.text();
       res.status = 400;
       res.end(`Error from the auth server: ${text}`);
       return;
     }

     const { code } = await verifyResponse.json();

     const tokenUrl = new URL("token", EDGEDB_AUTH_BASE_URL);
     tokenUrl.searchParams.set("code", code);
     tokenUrl.searchParams.set("verifier", verifier);
     const tokenResponse = await fetch(tokenUrl.href, {
       method: "get",
     });

     if (!tokenResponse.ok) {
       const text = await tokenResponse.text();
       res.status = 400;
       res.end(`Error from the auth server: ${text}`);
       return;
     }

     const { auth_token } = await tokenResponse.json();
     res.writeHead(204, {
       "Set-Cookie": `edgedb-auth-token=${auth_token}; HttpOnly; Path=/; Secure; SameSite=Strict`,
     });
     res.end();
   };

.. lint-on

Retrieve ``auth_token``
-----------------------

Once the request to ``auth/authenticate`` completes, the EdgeDB server response

> with a JSON body with a single property: ``code``. You take that ``code`` and
> the ``verifier`` you stored in step 1, and make a request to the EdgeDB Auth
> extension to exchange these two pieces of data for an ``auth_token``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a JSON body with a single property: ``code``. You then take that ``code``
and look up the ``verifier`` in the ``edgedb-pkce-verifier`` cookie, and make a
request to the EdgeDB Auth extension to exchange these two pieces of data for
an ``auth_token``.
```
